+++
title = "Ghost Installer in the Shadow: Security Analysis of App Installation on Android"
date = "2017-06-26"

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["**Yeonjoon Lee**", "Tongxin Li", "Nan Zhang", "Soteris Demetriou", "Mingming Zha", "XiaoFeng Wang", "Kai Chen", "Xiaoyong Zhou", "Xinhui Han", "Michael Grace"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference proceedings
# 2 = Journal
# 3 = Work in progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "Dependable Systems and Networks (DSN), 2017 47th Annual IEEE/IFIP International Conference on"
publication_short = "In *DSN*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "Android allows developers to build apps with app installation functionality themselves with minimal restriction and support like any other functionalities. Given the critical importance of app installation, the security implications of the approach can be significant. This paper reports the first systematic study on this issue, focusing on the security guarantees of different steps of the App Installation Transaction (AIT). We demonstrate the serious consequences of leaving AIT development to individual developers: most installers (e.g., Amazon AppStore, DTIgnite, Baidu) are riddled with various security-critical loopholes, which can be exploited by attackers to silently install any apps, acquiring dangerous-level permissions or even unauthorized access to system resources. Surprisingly, vulnerabilities were found in all steps of AIT. The attacks we present, dubbed Ghost Installer Attack (GIA), are found to pose a realistic threat to Android ecosystem. Further, we developed both a user-app-level and a system-level defense that are innovative and practical."
abstract_short = "Android allows developers to build apps with app installation functionality themselves with minimal restriction and support like any other functionalities. Given the critical importance of app installation, the security implications of the approach can be significant. This paper reports the first systematic study on this issue, focusing on the security guarantees of different steps of the App Installation Transaction (AIT). We demonstrate the serious consequences of leaving AIT development to individual developers: most installers (eg, ..."

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false


# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/8d50/599334b0cccca88b9f1ad27d4b7d5de2c1cc.pdf"


# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
#url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does the content use math formatting?
math = true

# Does the content use source code highlighting?
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
#image = "headers/bubbles-wide.jpg"
#caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

More detail can easily be written here using *Markdown* and $\rm \LaTeX$ math code.
